## LSSw FAQs

1. ***LSSw has asked for white paper and references contributions. What kind of contributions are you looking for?*** <br>We want to know what you think is important for the success of a leadership scientific software stack.  We are particularly interested in contributions that address usability, sustainability, and the overall quality of leadership scientific software. Contributions that describe gaps, requirements, areas for exploration or working approaches from other software communities are particularly welcome. <br>
1. *Is there a deadline for contributions?*  <br>There is no deadline, but timely contributions will shape the agenda and discussion for future meetings.<br>
1. ***What will the whitepapers be used for?*** <br>We will use the contributions to shape town hall agendas going forward.  Write a good white paper to get a chance to talk about your ideas.<br>
1. ***The US Department of Energy (DOE) has issued a Request for Information (RFI) on the [Stewardship of Software for Scientific and High-Performance Computing](https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2021/10/29/2021-23582/stewardship-of-software-for-scientific-and-high-performance-computing).  How is this RFI different than the request for LSSw whitepapers?*** <br> The DOE RFI is a related and complementary activity to LSSw.  RFI submissions are due December 13, 2021, addressing the specific scope described on the RFI website. LSSw whitepaper can address the same RFI topics, but can be submitted at any time.  We anticipate LSSw whitepapers will address other and sometimes more specific topics, especially those that emerge from the monthly townhall discussions.<br>
1. ***The US Department of Energy (DOE) is sponsoring a workshop on the [Science of Scientific-Software Development and Use](https://www.orau.gov/SSSDU2021), December 13 - 15, 2021. This workshop has a call for position papers.  How are these position papers and this workshop different that the LSSw whitepapers and the DOE RFI?*** <br> This workshop is focused on exploring how the scientific method can be used to understand and improve how scientific software is developed and used to do research.  Position papers are due November 19, 2021.  While the workshop and its related position papers are clearly focused on the topic of scientific software, the workshop is a *bona fide* research event, exploring themes such as how cognitive and social sciences can be incorporated into the scientific software enterprise to provide insight and improvement for software efforts.  The hope is that this additional research component will enable more effective and efficient software efforts in ways that are similar to how investing in computer science and software engineering have improved our scientific software efforts. <br>